cmd 1: view assets
shows the following:
"REAL ESTATE" value is US$0.00
"DIGITAL ASSETS" value is US$0.00
"STOCKS" value is $0.00
"COMMODITIES" value is $0.00

These asset valuations were conducted at 00.00 PM (DD/MM/YY) 

cmd 2:
credit line health 
shows: status: “GOOD”

cmd 3:
borrow info
shows:
Collateral Value
Loan-To-Value
Credit Line
Credit utilized
APR 
Borrow Term Length 

cmd 4:
ltv
shows:
Your average loan-to-value for all of your active positions:



heres more cmds
function drawUp 

Confirm that you are initiating the full liquidation of all of your assets (y/n) 

y = You have successfully submitted your request to our Proprietary Assets division to resort to our network contract to initiate asset conversion to cash which takes the contract within our private network. 

This approximately takes 2 minutes of assets depending on the network queue turning downwards at a fast rate. If network congestions occur, it may take longer.







sudo escalateLiq 
then ask: Which asset are you liquidating? 

then asks:
Are you initiating “partial” or “full” liquidation of your commodity assets? ( if they typed commodity )

Are you initiating “partial” or “full” liquidation of your digital assets?  ( if they typed digital )

Are you initiating “partial” or “full” liquidation of your stock assets? ( if they typed stocks OR stock)

Are you initiating “partial” or “full” liquidation of your real estate assets?  ( if they typed real estate )

 
IF type full then:
Confirm that you are initiating the full liquidation of all your assets (y/n) 
THEN SAYS:
You have successfully submitted your request to our Proprietary Assets division to resort to our network contract to initiate asset conversion to cash which takes the contract within our private network. 

This approximately takes 2 minutes of assets depending on the network queue turning downwards at a fast rate. If network congestions occur, it may take longer.

IF type partial then:
Percent (%) of your assets you are allocating to be liquidated (they type a % here from 0-99%)
then gives this output after typed %
You have successfully submitted your request to our Proprietary Assets division to resort to our network contract to initiate asset conversion to cash which takes the contract within our private network. 

This approximately takes 2 minutes of assets depending on the network queue turning downwards at a fast rate. If network congestions occur, it may take longer.




cmd: repay interest
output: Approve transfer to “Repay Interest” from your Spade Oracle cash balance (Y/N)
then: You have successfully submitted your request to our Proprietary Assets division to resort to our network contract to initiate asset conversion to cash which takes the contract within our private network. 

This approximately takes 2 minutes of assets depending on the network queue turning downwards at a fast rate. If network congestions occur, it may take longer.






other cmds:
cmd: function liquidateDigitalAssets

then: Are you initiating “partial” or “full” liquidation of your digital assets?
If full: success output

OR if partial: Percent (%) of your digital assets you are allocating to be liquidated 
then: success output

cmd: function liquidateCommodity

then: Are you initiating “partial” or “full” liquidation of your commodities assets?
If full: success output

OR if partial: Percent (%) of your commodities assets you are allocating to be liquidated 
then: success output

cmd: function liquidateRealEstate

then: Are you initiating “partial” or “full” liquidation of your real estate assets?
 If full: success output 

OR if partial: Percent (%) of your real estate assets you are allocating to be liquidated 
then: success output


cmd: function liquidateStocks

then: Are you initiating “partial” or “full” liquidation of your stock assets?
If full: success output

OR if partial: Percent (%) of your stock assets you are allocating to be liquidated
then: success output
this is the success output:
You have successfully submitted your request to our Proprietary Assets division to resort to our network contract to initiate asset conversion to cash which takes the contract within our private network. 

This approximately takes 2 minutes of assets depending on the network queue turning downwards at a fast rate. If network congestions occur, it may take longer.